James Gonzales: Alright.
James Gonzales: Is that your is that always going to be the
Same
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Number this medium number is when you're meeting Jessica to me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Group.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, okay.
James Gonzales: Put your name. Your name.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You made for the zone.
James Gonzales: Yeah, okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
James Gonzales: Yeah.
James Gonzales: Yeah, that's one problem. Yeah, but in case or in case I
Need
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So sorry for the confusion. The thing is, where we're providing this group. And so if we don't have three participants, so we can't be group, but I figured since you came in, let's make the best use of your time or give me your bio psychosocial done so.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let me just introduce myself. I'm Jessica. One of the therapist with bright hearth health I'm licensed in New Mexico in the state of New Mexico.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So with that being said in the event that you're traveling because Tele health. It's very important that we know your location and where you are.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One for safety reasons, and two, because with people that are license the license doesn't travel with you wherever you go.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm licensed by the state of New Mexico. So that means we are residing in Mexico. I can do that here. If you go to another state, then it becomes a little tricky because now I no longer have an active license to provide your European that say
James Gonzales: Oh. Oh, I get it, though. Sometimes when we meet you may think it's odd, and I may ask, Hey, where are you, and that's me just doing what what's ethically sound and responsible
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For verifying your location for safety and for my life. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, right. So far, a bio psychosocial it's a requirement with the program, so I'll be asking you about past and present. History
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What brought you to the program.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then we'll work together to develop some treatment plan goals. Those goals will be outlined it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In your patient portal, you can look at your treatment plan goals at any time and just to see the progress that you're making
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then I'll check in with you, periodically to update the treatment plan so that you can be aware of the progress that you're making me. You can also develop miracles asked me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I'm going to do this a lot faster than I typically do only because you have a different situation where you were there. And are you here.
And I don't want to cut
James Gonzales: The TV anchor.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What brings you to the program.
James Gonzales: I'm
James Gonzales: Just more recently just
James Gonzales: got off of methanol.
James Gonzales: And I just wanted to switch because yeah I mean I like to go for the time that I would on it and everything, but it's time to me out. Like, there's a couple things I don't like about it and I also need to
James Gonzales: This is better for my occupation, some you know I drive in so
James Gonzales: I'm actually needed need to find a job, so I couldn't be undone anymore anyway so
James Gonzales: Because of that,
James Gonzales: I mean, that's what brought me to you guys and then I found. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What were you using for you to get on with it. Don't treat
James Gonzales: Oh yeah, I mean heroin. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I've, I've had
James Gonzales: I've had
James Gonzales: A couple, a couple of times in my life where I you know I was using heroin through ID and you know just
James Gonzales: Just lose it. And, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Just use it.
James Gonzales: And that everything goes
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How are we using
James Gonzales: This last time.
James Gonzales: This last time it was like for the past couple years, two years.
James Gonzales: And back in my early yeah these last two years, and then is my early past was my I mean my early 20s, I was a look like five years.
James Gonzales: You know, because I got clean for like 10 years and then
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I just relax today.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So take me back. So I put all the pieces together. When did addiction first start for you. What was the drug was going on in your life.
James Gonzales: Oh, Mom.
James Gonzales: Like, Well, that gets a 14
James Gonzales: Giving you know smoking crack and
James Gonzales: And then 16 No she didn't know peril and
James Gonzales: And then it didn't.
James Gonzales: I was just messing around jumping around like partying, I guess you could say as a child, but then
James Gonzales: About 18 years old.
James Gonzales: About 18 or 19 and well from from 18 to
James Gonzales: 27 I'd say I was, I was really bad our, you know, got real bad when I was about 2021
James Gonzales: And then I was just really, really strong out for a lot of like a long time.
James Gonzales: About talk to about 2627 on fire. Yeah, about 26 because
James Gonzales: Yeah, that's why I went to. I went to the repo refining, you know, I finally came up and I went to programming and I finally stayed CLEAN KNOW. So an idea of good for like 10 years you know 1011 years and then sort of let that go last that and
James Gonzales: Just went back on a mission, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you said at 14 you started with crack. Yeah. How did you get access to crack at 14
James Gonzales: Or
James Gonzales: Was everywhere.
James Gonzales: It was everywhere I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Get it for
Practically nothing
James Gonzales: For free for
James Gonzales: All over the place, my neighborhood.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That. So did you have any family members that were drug users.
James Gonzales: A few
James Gonzales: Yeah, couple
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So all right, so you have been history and you said you try to get off of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The different drugs that were, you were on what programs that you participate in research.
On
James Gonzales: This yeah I mean I've been to
James Gonzales: So bring services into good shepherd have been to Delancey Street.
James Gonzales: Yeah.
James Gonzales: Yeah, oh, well, I see by winters or bring services like a bunch of times, you know,
James Gonzales: Back in the day, and I guess it's bad. Now, I haven't been to the knots
James Gonzales: More the new location or move
James Gonzales: On was on general should not and but I'm Missy, I've been there like four times.
James Gonzales: And then I've been to your
James Gonzales: Hospital. A couple times. I don't remember years but like you know it was back in early 2000 you know
James Gonzales: And that's why I went to the good shepherd the Good Shepherd in
James Gonzales: The early 2000s to and then I want you to learn history from
James Gonzales: I got out of Delancey Street 2007 November 2007 yeah and then
James Gonzales: And took off from there and then until the end of 2017 is when
James Gonzales: Is when it all came, came down
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I'm during this course, I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Trying to get sober. Did you have
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A mental health diagnosis, we ever hospitalized because you want to harm yourself or harm anyone else.
James Gonzales: Or no, no. So any medical history or mental health history that we should be aware of.
James Gonzales: I'm not not really nothing like that. No, I mean, I just lately like
James Gonzales: Past little jail term that I did.
James Gonzales: They for the first time, I kind of allowed them to, I guess, I don't know if they're experimenting with me, but they had me on a couple of, I guess you could call the side drugs or whatever.
James Gonzales: But um well for
James Gonzales: For anxiety and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Then
James Gonzales: The other one I get I guess for
James Gonzales: I don't know if if they diagnosed me with PTSD or what but the beginning me REM Ron and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: hydrox isn't so the diagnosis to prescribe medication. So I'm hearing you say that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, with PTSD and anxiety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are you taking any of those medications. Now,
James Gonzales: Um, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, the ones that you just mentioned those two
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. Okay. All right. And when, when do you take them.
James Gonzales: take drugs Xen
James Gonzales: Twice a day, morning and night, and then the
James Gonzales: ramble on just that one.
James Gonzales: One tonight.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Agnes is a PTSD.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you have any current thoughts to want to hire yourself.
James Gonzales: No, no, no. Not at all. I'm just, I might do that one time in jail a long, long time ago, but
James Gonzales: Yeah, I'm not originally get that way. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How long ago was that that
James Gonzales: Doubt was like
James Gonzales: I actually made an attempt like to, like, two years ago.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It was about two years ago.
James Gonzales: Jail.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I mean, what was going on.
James Gonzales: Oh,
James Gonzales: It's just, um,
James Gonzales: I just did it. I just wanted to give up.
James Gonzales: I was just based
James Gonzales: And yeah, I just
James Gonzales: I was just tired of it. I was detoxing really bad.
And
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It was
James Gonzales: It was all just kind of, you know, slapping me in the face.
James Gonzales: At the same time, I guess, and
James Gonzales: Yeah, so I was in jail. I try to hang myself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That was two years ago.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you get denied any current thoughts or intense
James Gonzales: Yeah, no, yeah, no, no, I just want to just that one.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So now, now that you're not in a jail cell, it gets hard and difficult. Would you reach out to your support.
James Gonzales: Oh well.
James Gonzales: I'm not sure what you mean. But like, I mean, I'm with I'm living with my sister right now and
James Gonzales: So it's a good environment. It's drug free
James Gonzales: So, I mean, I just got out two days ago, like
James Gonzales: A little bit out like three days for three days. Like, you know, so
James Gonzales: I'm kind of laid out again remember
James Gonzales: Everything. Yeah, yeah, everything is like golf closed so
James Gonzales: I kind of, I kind of don't mind it though, because you know I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was kind of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A little
James Gonzales: My anxiety. I guess you could say I didn't really really want to hit the hit the town right away and you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He gets it allows you to have like a small adjustment back into society.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, how long
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How long you incarcerate
James Gonzales: Or 13
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Months. Oh, pretty much.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Not much.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So yeah, to go back to the question. You said it wasn't clear when I asked about support that is like these are the people that your call.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If you need help, these are the type of people. I have an emergency, you know, or I'm I'm having a rough day. These are typically the people I will call or ask for support. Who are those people for you.
James Gonzales: Um,
James Gonzales: I guess my sister.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anyone else
James Gonzales: Know, at this point. Not right. Not really, um,
James Gonzales: I mean I have I have people that have offered and stuff. I got
James Gonzales: Our guests. You can see like I had an empty that
James Gonzales: Those regional yesterday.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, she called me was
James Gonzales: Just sort of trying to trying to give me the talk and letting me know that you know she she's there for me or whatever and
James Gonzales: You know i mean i got people like that, but I don't know.
James Gonzales: I don't ever really read I don't ever make me, you know, reach out. I mean other than like this. What I'm doing now with, you know, with you guys walk
James Gonzales: Or whatever. But I mean,
James Gonzales: You know, I explained to my sister went out.
James Gonzales: And and that you know when I when I get out of jail, like everything is, you know, against me at once. I don't really have stand that much of a chance, like
James Gonzales: To
James Gonzales: Make it to make it like how I'm doing now, you know, because I just go right back there. I don't have really a choice. Otherwise, because I'm
James Gonzales: Well, before. Before I mean I didn't really have a choice or, you know, well then, you know, breaking the law and going back into my old ways and everything like that because I didn't have a place like a good environment so
James Gonzales: That's when my sister, let me
James Gonzales: Come here, come here. This time, and you know she's, she's helping me so I could just, I'm just been staying here since, you know, since I got out and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, she got me this.
James Gonzales: She got me the phone and now you know she's going to help me get my everything back together. You know, so I mean that I helped a lot. Because I guarantee I would have used by now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Especially yesterday.
James Gonzales: I would be back on heroin, for sure.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, I'm happy that I'm not connected to a program right away and that your sister is a support.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any parents
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your parents
James Gonzales: Yeah, my, my mommy and I have my mom.
James Gonzales: And my mom actually is taking care of my daughter, my, my, she's almost 11 so
James Gonzales: But
James Gonzales: I mean, they
James Gonzales: You know they they stay with my mom's boyfriend and they're doing good. So I'm just, I'm not, you know, I can stay out of the way.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Not out of the picture, but
James Gonzales: Um, you know, because my daughter went through a lot with the separation between me and her mom, you know,
James Gonzales: And and and my, my mom thank thankfully, for I mean good for me though. I mean, ended up with her and you know she was she's been with her since.
James Gonzales: For the past almost two years.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Now, so
James Gonzales: I mean, yeah.
James Gonzales: I mean, he's in Arizona.
James Gonzales: Yeah.
James Gonzales: And these are these are adopted parents also they are
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Back to that first. Yeah, okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, you know, the reason for your adoption from Britain.
James Gonzales: I know that my mom was like 14 years old, a song, you know,
She was very young.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Very
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Back. Did you have a sister. Do you have any other siblings.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Dog.
James Gonzales: I am me I have like us, step, step, siblings, you know, I
James Gonzales: Actually have. I have two sisters. I have another sister, and then I have step siblings.
James Gonzales: Have a step sister and I step brother. No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No, I hear that you have a positive relationship with this assume that you live with. How's your relationship with your parents and other siblings.
James Gonzales: Um,
James Gonzales: It's okay. I mean, we're not
James Gonzales: It's I'm not in bad terms, you know, it's
James Gonzales: Just everybody's just all spread out, you know,
James Gonzales: Like through
James Gonzales: Like California Washington Arizona.
Like
James Gonzales: You know, just my mom is here with my daughter. And then I
James Gonzales: Wanted sisters here. And yeah, that's it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any alcohol or drug use within your
James Gonzales: Carrot. So all yeah
James Gonzales: Oh, yeah, yeah.
James Gonzales: I'm
James Gonzales: Like
James Gonzales: At the current time or like in the past or worrying.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, past, present, I'm getting the old
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Story about your life. Okay. Yeah. Okay, go. Um,
James Gonzales: Yeah, I mean,
James Gonzales: They drink alcohol, especially
James Gonzales: especially helpful. Oh, there are lots of that and
James Gonzales: A little bit of a little bit of crack when I was in my teen years and little bit of weed like, you know, but, um, I'd say the, the biggest one would be the alcohol.
James Gonzales: I'm like, Mom, when my mom, mom. My mom has five brothers. So as I can. And they're all good. They're all good people and they, you know, they are. They just, they were always partying and everything. When I was younger, and so
James Gonzales: And I was like, you know, the little bartender. A lot of times, you know, I mean,
James Gonzales: That was my job.
James Gonzales: To go get the beers, or whatever. But other than that.
James Gonzales: You know, that was that was that gave me access to, you know, try it out, uh, you know, I was like six years old when I first drink beer, you know, and, uh,
James Gonzales: And cigarettes. The same thing, you know.
James Gonzales: You know I smoke a cigarette. When I was, well, I thought I was smoking a cigarette. When I was, you know, I don't know, seven or something like that, but
James Gonzales: It's just, um yeah like exposed to alcohol very
James Gonzales: Early age and then
James Gonzales: Just, um,
James Gonzales: It's see
James Gonzales: My, my step dad was drinking a lot to me was in my early teens and my, you know, childhood.
James Gonzales: He was, he was asked for.
James Gonzales: Me was an asshole had to deal with him.
James Gonzales: There's always trying
To
James Gonzales: He would always start with me. We got into
James Gonzales: it a few times. He almost killed me one time and
James Gonzales: Yeah, he was
James Gonzales: choking me out here to talk me out almost all the way to the Newsies a lot bigger than me at especially at the time.
But, um,
James Gonzales: But yeah, that's my
James Gonzales: He's not even in the picture anymore. He's gone. And now, but
James Gonzales: Let's see, and then. So where am I at ah
James Gonzales: With no yeah so and then as after. And because of that, actually, that's when I, at the time I went to live with my grandmother, you know, and because of the situation with my step dad at the time when I was about
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: 13 or
James Gonzales: 14 um, you know, I finally got big enough to, you know, fly back or whatever but I
James Gonzales: Didn't work out over there. I try
James Gonzales: Left and and then that's when I was, you know, I started getting exposed to a lot of lot of drugs. After that, like,
James Gonzales: Like crack, especially
James Gonzales: It was cracked everywhere. When I was at that age, you know,
James Gonzales: It was everywhere. And I could end i was i could get it. I had access to it for like free. So I started, I started using it and getting it for other people and and using it to, you know, to, to gain myself some to use and to
James Gonzales: You know,
James Gonzales: Make money and stuff like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That yeah yeah I mean for yeah I learned how to do that at
James Gonzales: That at that early age, you know, I learned how to hustle really really early enough so that was back in the days when it was different because it was the crack and heroin and now it's like big analysis meth and heroin other craft is still there, but
James Gonzales: You know, it's not as big and more
James Gonzales: And more
James Gonzales: That can be brought on
James Gonzales: Yeah, it was, it was kind of strange when I came back into the game.
James Gonzales: Three years ago and everything was really different. The drugs were really weak.
James Gonzales: And there was everybody was into the math and not craft.
James Gonzales: And or the code, you know, different
James Gonzales: But I still I still knew what I was doing and I still to it and and
James Gonzales: It's like to get to, to, to, you know, the extremes much that
There.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was a lot of trauma that I'm not sure it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Really had an opportunity to stop and process adoption in itself brings up lots of different emotions and some physical abuse.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then, then I can imagine, loss of identity, you know, growing up as a child.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, there was some physical exactly
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was there any verbal with sexual abuse, growing up.
James Gonzales: I'm
James Gonzales: Not sexual book just like verbal I guess a little bit
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, I mentioned addiction within your family. So all of those parameters almost kind of sets up you know either you're going to be very strong and self determined and beat the obstacles, you know, the stories that you hear and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, but then there's a high
James Gonzales: Percentage off.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, like you that really all the odds are against them. And so they kind of just go into a system that's already been created for them on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Their own so I'm proud that you know you got released and connected to a program right away.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And we hope for you, long term as a variety. So that's what this is about. That's why I get this history because it helps to understand how we can support you therapeutically as well as medically
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To get into Suboxone is the small step for the sobriety. The hard work is really
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The therapy and the willpower and developing the skill set that when you have cravings, that you don't automatically default to the drugs so allow yourself to feel those feelings really identify what it is, so that you can actively work through them.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The drugs for so long has has crowded, your ability to really identify that are
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Out.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There feel them so that you can work through them.
James Gonzales: Yeah.
James Gonzales: That's what I was using that. That's what I was really using them for this last time, especially because
James Gonzales: Like be before the last time it just kind of happened to me you know and and I didn't
James Gonzales: Know we and then all of a sudden, I was addicted. But this time I did it on purpose. You know, like I knew what I was doing and
James Gonzales: Did it because I wanted to, you know, and it worked. It worked. That's why I couldn't get clean but um you know blocks out or raising
Kids
James Gonzales: But it's but
James Gonzales: That's why I had that bad thing happen or little you know in jail. I think when when I said like everything I had to face everything you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, um, where were you born
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Where were you born
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
James Gonzales: Yeah, no.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And are you, where are you in the birth order.
James Gonzales: Oh,
James Gonzales: I'm like,
James Gonzales: I'm the youngest, actually. Yeah.
James Gonzales: Youngest out of, out of all of them out of. I mean, out of all of my step brother and my sisters and my sisters. I'm actually younger, but it just goes like they're not too much goes, you know, two years and then another two years and then within within like a six year
James Gonzales: You know, an
Eight year difference
James Gonzales: You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: School like for you.
James Gonzales: Schools middle schools. All right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I mean, growing up.
James Gonzales: I was pretty smart, especially, especially
James Gonzales: As a younger kid.
James Gonzales: I was getting a lot of trouble. But I always got always got good grades and stuff until
James Gonzales: You know, till I got a little older, and just was getting more trouble and just not and into more drugs and stuff, you know, then I couldn't. I didn't, I didn't care. And that just slip away.
James Gonzales: Especially the sports kind of helped me there to a little bit because I was been an athlete that sits over five ball so
You know, like, but
James Gonzales: Um, but then you know that's, of course, when the seasonal, you know, and then
James Gonzales: And then, you know, like in high school I was
James Gonzales: Always on the football team and you know I got suspended for for a week and they kicked me off the team, you know. So after that.
James Gonzales: I didn't even show up to school for the next I got straight F's. And then, you know, because they kicked me off dumars it's only reason why I was getting the boilers score and getting
James Gonzales: Decent grades, you know, and I was really upset about that.
James Gonzales: Song. And then, but then after that I actually kind of I sort of recover and went to, you know, summer school and I was reclassifying that same grade and are a couple of times I was behind a night and I almost caught up, you know, I made it to a junior
And then
James Gonzales: I and then I jumped out. Got my GV law. Actually, I got in trouble with the law.
And
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, and I had to move
James Gonzales: Like I had to move away and
James Gonzales: And drop down and get my G. He was either that or good kid prison.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: legal trouble with that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was going on.
I'm
James Gonzales: Just
James Gonzales: Wouldn't when I was younger, just they're
James Gonzales: Just running around just just, you know,
James Gonzales: Robbing and stealing and stuff. God was. Did you know
James Gonzales: And I was on probation. I was on probation for a while, you know, I mean, the flag kept on I couldn't
James Gonzales: I kept on violating and violating because I was in, I was in high school, you know, again, and
James Gonzales: I was having a blast you know
James Gonzales: Back in the 90s, you know, and
James Gonzales: And yeah.
James Gonzales: It was, it was fun, you know, but, uh, it was hard that probation made it tough for me. So, but I just didn't do it. You know, I was just trying to find ways around it. And I did. I mean I beat the system.
James Gonzales: For a little while.
James Gonzales: You know,
James Gonzales: Then they finally Boston trying, you know, messing with my drug test or whatever, and they find it. They can file at me because
James Gonzales: You know, they found me with the guy busted me trying to you know put this inner workings or and
James Gonzales: At that time, was the last they were going to fully revoked, my little probation and I was gonna, you know, we'll do two years. But then I made a deal with them that if I moved
James Gonzales: I moved to Farmington with which was where my father was at the time.
James Gonzales: At the time he was working out there. So I said, well,
James Gonzales: What if I just get out of here and go move me and then he gave me that deal. And so I did that. And then they said three months. The deal was three months later, you know, I had to stay gone for three months, basically to do it was sort of called the time a time labor.
James Gonzales: And
James Gonzales: So I went out there and I tried. I tried my best, you know, and what I could do up there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I went to school.
James Gonzales: A little bit. And, you know,
James Gonzales: Monday I just came back.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It was the reason for the last incarceration.
James Gonzales: Same thing presidential burden.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And what's your status now young collation yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, how about
James Gonzales: Three years.
James Gonzales: Is supposed to be too, but they gave me three on accident, but I have to go through the one amendment thing. So, but as of now, it's three years.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You mentioned earlier, a doctor, do you have any additional
James Gonzales: I'm small step to being sort of, I guess you can see her sister older sister.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay so raised
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you're saying you have 111 YEAR OLD ARE
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You living with your mom. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Um, are you currently in a romantic relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What relationship like if you're dying.
James Gonzales: It's good.
James Gonzales: I've been she's been, I've been talking to her since bowl. I mean through the whole thing through all of it. I mean, see watch
James Gonzales: Me go through all this. Yeah, and her mom to like she watched us, is she watched it, you know, just destroy our lives and everything and and break it again and we both her mom's still on drugs and I'm no I'm me right now. But, you know, shouldn't even talk to her home in the corner. Nothing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So your mom has on customer focused on
James Gonzales: Yeah yeah yeah like I gave her mind and then
James Gonzales: And then she had to go on in slot for for the other half. Got it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I'm we ever married before
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm
James Gonzales: Not married but I mean I was
James Gonzales: I was living like it in. I had the house. I had a job. I had the reason I had to. I had everything like that. I had
James Gonzales: I was I was buying a house and everything else. I was a supervisor of a company
James Gonzales: Was, you know, planning in my retirement already. I mean, I was doing
James Gonzales: All that stuff.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How did it get to the heroin, how, how does it all just happened. It was just the natural course and trying to different drown.
James Gonzales: No, no. I mean, I already been through that like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, you mean when I was younger.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, you told me my history with that. But now you're telling me you know like you have so much going on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What just let
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Me Down.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With the addiction.
James Gonzales: Yeah, for me to just to turn back to that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was
James Gonzales: Just I'm a little
James Gonzales: Like didn't take you all happen overnight, but it was just a long process of my first of all my my relationship falling apart. And then just, uh, I guess, partying too much and then
James Gonzales: resent know
For whatever reason,
James Gonzales: You know, just and then just always fighting always fighting in front of the kids and stuff. And, you know, and then
James Gonzales: And then eventually me getting to the point where it just getting into Scott real bad bad bad bad. And then, you know, she was always trying to she was always, you know, she was like physically abusive on me and I mean she was
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Always trying to, you know,
James Gonzales: rush me and everything and and
James Gonzales: Out like almost she wanted me to to like to beat her over some people that she could, you know, play her little role of of like victim and everything because
Young
James Gonzales: After I don't know what she thought that I was doing but for whatever reason you know she you know our relationship got went went to trash and everything. So, and we sort of were just more of like
James Gonzales: Parents and roommates kind of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Dinner noon.
James Gonzales: Like, and it was
James Gonzales: It became more of just like like a co worker kind of being human, but but like a homey. And who's the
James Gonzales: Party our time in Nero and and and then it got
James Gonzales: And then it got really bad to where I didn't want to be with her no more. And I didn't know what to do. So I was just like, she was trying to get me I could tell she was trying to get me to to get catch a charge. I know that for sure, we should be
James Gonzales: Always like
James Gonzales: Doing crazy shit and getting you know taunting me and in you know provoke you me and testing me and
James Gonzales: You know, I did, I didn't give it to her. I didn't let her. I didn't. I already knew she was trying to do, but I mean I've have all the scratches on my face, you know, from from letting her but um
James Gonzales: You know,
James Gonzales: I already knew she was trying to get that target, so she could, like, you know, try to take the kids to Colorado or something like that. But I always told me that you know she would never take kids with but
James Gonzales: You know, so then I mean and inclusive. I could you know I was at the point where I mean I was just at work is very stressed at work at that, especially when it was getting like that.
James Gonzales: Because my, my job was was very, you know,
James Gonzales: Had a whole company on my shoulders. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What was your company.
James Gonzales: It was is a dumpster business trash business.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Make money, I'm just going to stand up.
James Gonzales: All right.
James Gonzales: Yeah, I mean, it was, um,
James Gonzales: Yeah, I was making about 70 75,000 years but I mean when and I was it really wasn't. Um, I really for the job. I was doing and you know I should have been making over 100 you know like I have because it was I started off as just a driver.
James Gonzales: You know, doing dumpsters. You know,
James Gonzales: dumping the Call roll off dumpsters on it. Oh, you know what that is, but that commercial
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Release, but I know I I remember watching just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Different. Yeah. Imagine
James Gonzales: Yeah, like construction kind of construction kind of stuff. Yeah.
James Gonzales: Oh, exactly. Yeah, exactly. And, um,
James Gonzales: Yeah, I was just. And so I became a supervisor supervisor for five years. And so you could imagine how how so I'm all you're trying to do this well you know my bosses in my mother, my, you know, it was the owners and then and then it was me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So they would go out of
James Gonzales: Town, or they would go out of town and take off and still keep contact. But you know, I would basically you know the the state of boss of that whole place and I mean I had to tell the mechanics. I had to make sure that the mechanics had their priorities straight.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Verse, you know, for
James Gonzales: For for the what I needed to, you know, so we could get the job done during the day.
James Gonzales: And so I you know I kind of oversaw the the shop and and I'm trying to drivers networking, where to go to do all day. So, and, and then at night when I would go home, you know, the office would still call me your office manager would still call me with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Customers that needed so I could get the schedule ready
James Gonzales: Try to to try to make a, I guess, an attempt route for the morning
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know cuz I would go in the morning.
James Gonzales: And you know, I would be best if I have kind of sort of like a plan of what the drivers gonna, you know, at least start off with, like, you know, whatever. So I was always
James Gonzales: You know, I couldn't even go home and eat dinner like basically with my phone like I had no phones beeping off. Also, I could mean taking you know and and then I would be working on the schedule and, you know, trying to help my daughter with their homework and then or generally mean and
James Gonzales: Yeah, and I guess I mean it all just got to me and
James Gonzales: Yeah, I could see how maybe I was. Yeah, I mean, I probably wasn't as well, I'm sure. But, you know, not too much.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But
James Gonzales: I mean, and then, especially when you know we became law, like I said at that point it was just like
James Gonzales: It's, it's up to go to work and it's up to go home, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that's not and that's because
James Gonzales: Yeah, it's because from from a point where it was a total opposite for so long. You know, I have it all. I you know I had heard everything made I had, you know, the spine, the big, big nice house I had, I had a bunch of vehicles. I have, you know, motorcycles, I had guns. I had everything I wanted
James Gonzales: But I wasn't happy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Happy so
James Gonzales: Yeah, like they say is, I mean,
James Gonzales: I don't know. So like you can imagine how how bad it was for, you know, even for the kids and stuff like
James Gonzales: Us fighting
James Gonzales: Us fighting all the time and everything, baby, baby got real sick.
Larger yes
James Gonzales: Yeah, my one my most
James Gonzales: Yeah, my step daughter just just wanted. There's just two girls my
James Gonzales: My daughter and her older sister.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are your hobbies, you know, we talked about some heavy stuff, but some days like to do for fun.
James Gonzales: For fun
James Gonzales: I like to
James Gonzales: I don't know, I kind of, I like I just kind of make things on on when I had my garage and stuff, or whatever. I kind of where I work with Word and stuff like you know I don't know I could make that could make cool shit. Sometimes, excuse me.
James Gonzales: Or or I like to, I don't know. I cut hair to on the sides. I don't know. That's not really a hobby, it's turned into more of a job anymore.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It used to be out
James Gonzales: Or, you know, or I'm sorry, the other way around. You mean I used to do it like for
James Gonzales: Yeah, yeah, or no, the other way around.
James Gonzales: Sorry, the other way around. Now I go for a hobby.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know,
James Gonzales: Because I don't need to do it for the money in tomorrow or whatever, you know, I just that's I do that and
James Gonzales: I mean, I don't know. I like to go for release notes like if I have, you know, a truck and start like to go or four wheeling and
James Gonzales: Yeah, just stuff like that, a role.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Play with my kids. Yeah.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let's talk about your treatment plan to have another client that's gonna present. I'm not sure you know what the program expectations are, and different things of that nature so I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have certain rules in place to make sure that you are compliant and that is making sure that you have in your groups every week attend any individual sessions that we have scheduled
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then we'll work on developing relapse prevention skills. Those relapse prevention skills will be discussing group and individual segments.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And they look like a lot of it kind of what I did before we came here, I talked to the other patient about, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Identify emotions and figuring out patterns, you know, in the topics of the things that we cover. They'll be education on how addiction works and how the brain works.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And developing different skills to help you manage that helping you identify your trigger always the person people, places and things
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's also emotion that's not so identifying and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Those domains. What might be some stresses for you. And then also find out what works well for you. Who are those people that help you when you're stressed out that you can speak to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are those systems in place. Is it school is it work, is it church are your hobbies those systems has put in place to keep James busy active and plugged in.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And helping you to identify what those supports on so we'll work on that. And like I said, individual and group settings and the purpose of that is to help you identify your triggers to use the coping skills and to allow you that sense of community groups and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Individuals where we can process. Some of that trauma and help you to really go an individualized scope of what's going on with James What legends to this point and how can we get James on the trajectory of long term sobriety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So in that there's different interventions on you this, I'll use cognitive behavioral therapy which is helping you to identify how you think.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then helping you to stop the negative thought process Dialectical Behavioral Therapy is another way that focuses on emotions, how to manage the emotions and management.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: group therapy mindfulness and relaxation as well. James in the event that you're relaxed. That's not a reason to disconnect from the program. It is a relapse.
James Gonzales: Does the dog.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: let myself know get plugged in. We have been put in place.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To help support you addiction breeds isolation. So a lot of patients think that if they relapse to stop.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Stop doing this, but all that does is contribute to you to continue to us again and again, you make a mistake, come back in.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Our requirements is not for you. We want you to be sober, but we also understand the course of addiction so wanted to plug back in
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: India bit those guys addicted brain and speaking louder than a sober brain. I want you to stabilize well and connect with another program. If you feel like that program is best for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Also, James, we have we had the right that if we see that. Listen, your addiction is too intense and telemedicine is not the proper form for you to get the treatment that you need.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We also have the right to tell you that you don't meet the eligibility criteria and will refer you to another problem. Okay, but for the most part we always try to support you and keep you within our resources.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I do really short term and long term goals that you want to add to your treatment plan.
James Gonzales: I mean, it's just obvious.
James Gonzales: You know, pretty much like
James Gonzales: I've been getting a job and all that, you know, I mean, getting a job and getting as much. You know that everything back going, you know. So yeah, there's, there's plenty. I got lots to do, okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Tell me, so I added to the plan that helps us to see what we want to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To be aware of what your goals are. So getting a job.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, what else
James Gonzales: Yeah, I mean, I'm
James Gonzales: You know, I mean, well,
James Gonzales: Know, buying buying a car get another guy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On Me know stable.
Financial yeah
James Gonzales: Yeah yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Financial Stability unique personal work related or educational goals.
James Gonzales: That will work related first, you're like, I'm, I'm gonna try a different a different Avenue on my, on my career, you know, my guess. I'm going to try it.
James Gonzales: Instead of the trash business goals are.
James Gonzales: Because that was using my class be, I don't know. I was going to try to use my class, a more and you know and use it for
James Gonzales: A little bit maybe possibly the
James Gonzales: Endorsements that I have, I have a tinker's endorsement so
James Gonzales: I've never used that I have never used it to it to its capability. I've used it on small time stuff. But, you know,
James Gonzales: I just, I'm kind of I'm really trying to look that way and try not to easily Dino to be easy for me to just go back
James Gonzales: You know, and or whatever, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: start fresh.
James Gonzales: Yeah, I want to do something different. Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna do something. It's just driving hopefully
James Gonzales: I mean, I don't want to travel. You know, I'd like to just run around and explore the four states four corners and stuff like that, you know, and just come
James Gonzales: Back and
James Gonzales: Either every day or every couple days.
James Gonzales: That's kind of what I'm looking for.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any long term goals in mind.
James Gonzales: This one, of course, is my, my, my first, my first and foremost priority his lap and which I also know that I need to get myself together. First of all, you know, my, my kid. I just need to
James Gonzales: Because the sister is already you know she's already 18 so she just turned 18 and she's. She's good. She's good. What I need to make sure that my daughter is
James Gonzales: She's like, she's just exactly like me except she's a girl, you know, she, I see, I see myself in her a lot like complete raised, not, not the same, not the same. But I mean, I'm Jared personalities, la, la.
James Gonzales: Scares me know so I need. I want to really be made sure that I'm
James Gonzales: Gonna be around for me.
James Gonzales: And
James Gonzales: I need all
James Gonzales: Different, different changes in her life and different stepping stones and help her make the right step.
James Gonzales: Externally, I'm there to crack the whip or whatever and
James Gonzales: You know,
James Gonzales: So I mean yeah that's that's just, that's a long term goal and me because
James Gonzales: It starts here, it's all the way to the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sounds like some amazing goals, all of them will be attitude treatment plan.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anything a session about you. What do you like defense mechanisms. When you get angry. How do you typically respond to that and you one that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Kind of acts out
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Berkeley. Do you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Isolate we typically do
James Gonzales: Um, I would say, both of those. Actually, what did you say I you know
James Gonzales: Overly I've gotten you know isolate because
James Gonzales: To actually protect myself and other people so I
James Gonzales: Know, and really
James Gonzales: A lot. I've been trying to do.
James Gonzales: They, you know, probably saved my life and and possibly other people's lives just their existence.
James Gonzales: For sure, for sure.
James Gonzales: Yeah, I've had, I've had
James Gonzales: More than I
James Gonzales: Can almost
James Gonzales: You know times where I probably would have. I didn't
James Gonzales: Know,
James Gonzales: What they
James Gonzales: Didn't system stupid situations and I had to
James Gonzales: Add to make the some, you know, the hard choice of
James Gonzales: People I kid you not. I mean,
James Gonzales: It was now it's, you know, looking back
James Gonzales: To that
James Gonzales: Yes.
James Gonzales: But I do get angry sometimes
James Gonzales: But
James Gonzales: What are you gonna do, you know,
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right. Um, one last question. I'll let you go. Are you up to date with your flow meningitis and pneumonia vaccine.
James Gonzales: I have no idea. I know you know i i got some flu shots in general. So, but, yeah, that was
James Gonzales: Yeah, that was
James Gonzales: I think it was this year. I guess I do have my shot.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm not sure what the outside need to go to do the absolute every government
James Gonzales: Do I call do I pull
James Gonzales: Myself back and make that appointment up
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, you're kind of breaking up. Uh,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, it's a virtual clinic with direct you I know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They give you the information of where you go to do your labs.
Oh,
James Gonzales: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, you get you get the process here. You come to group Wednesdays at four o'clock.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We check in the virtual clinic. You were like 30 minutes before group so that you don't get caught up in the queue. They'll give you the media will number
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I would like to found what with you just to do another individual session where we're just talking not about all of this stuff because it's so crammed in a lot of information. This kind of I can give you some of those skills and coping mechanisms. I was mentioning to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Earlier, so let me let you know of my availability and you tell me what works for you. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Next week Thursday available at six o'clock.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If that doesn't work for you. I can do an appointment, two weeks for now.
James Gonzales: See
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Thursday the 21st at six o'clock.
James Gonzales: Yeah, I think that's fine. Yeah.
Sure.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How does it work for you. I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Going to be a financial issue with paying for group and they paid for.
James Gonzales: Yeah, just covers all this. Yeah.
James Gonzales: Thursday the 21st
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: May.
James Gonzales: Alright, I'll just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That
James Gonzales: And when I when I get on like full on on Thursday may come first. I just, um,
James Gonzales: I dialed it number that out for you. Right. Never done
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anything like group so Wednesday, you'll log into virtual clinic for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Us before they'll give you my my medium, they'll give you the meeting room number for group on Thursday. Do the same thing. Go to virtual clinic.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And they'll tell you where to find me. Oh, me, me too. I gave you all this week is because you had already checked into virtual clinic and we kind of switched it up. So we did a little different this
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, okay.
James Gonzales: Yeah.
James Gonzales: All right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, take care and I'll see you next week, Wednesday and Thursday.
James Gonzales: Thank you.
Thanks.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is a bio psychosocial session that happened with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: James from Dallas be presented to session and a comma. Bet you use my mobile
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's more information that I'm sure that needs to be captured and that can be captured from
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Dr. Candles notes on May 12 that was his medical history. The next appointment is scheduled for Thursday nights.